materials\models\police\metrocop_sheet.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\police\metrocop_sheet.vmt
materials\models\police\metrocop_sheet.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\police\metrocop_sheet.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_1.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_1.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_1.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_1.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_2.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_2.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_2.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_2.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_3.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_3.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_3.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_3.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_4.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_4.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_4.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_4.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_5.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_5.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_5.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_5.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_6.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_6.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_6.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_6.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\envball_6_normal.vmt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_6_normal.vmt
materials\models\shadertest\envball_6_normal.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\envball_6_normal.vtf
materials\models\shadertest\shieldnoise0_normal.vtf
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\materials\models\shadertest\shieldnoise0_normal.vtf
models\police.dx80.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.dx80.vtx
models\police.dx90.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.dx90.vtx
models\police.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.mdl
models\police.phy
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.phy
models\police.sw.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.sw.vtx
models\police.vvd
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police.vvd
models\police_animations.ani
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police_animations.ani
models\police_animations.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police_animations.mdl
models\police_ss.ani
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police_ss.ani
models\police_ss.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\police_ss.mdl
models\cutscene\camera_cube.dx90.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\cutscene\camera_cube.dx90.vtx
models\cutscene\camera_cube.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\cutscene\camera_cube.mdl
models\cutscene\camera_cube.vvd
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\cutscene\camera_cube.vvd
models\props\ghostanim.ani
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\props\ghostanim.ani
models\props\ghostanim.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\props\ghostanim.mdl
models\props\ghostanim.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\props\ghostanim.vtx
models\props\ghostanim.vvd
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\props\ghostanim.vvd
models\weapons\w_smg1.dx80.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.dx80.vtx
models\weapons\w_smg1.dx90.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.dx90.vtx
models\weapons\w_smg1.mdl
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.mdl
models\weapons\w_smg1.phy
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.phy
models\weapons\w_smg1.sw.vtx
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.sw.vtx
models\weapons\w_smg1.vvd
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\models\weapons\w_smg1.vvd
scripts\game_sounds_manifest.txt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\scripts\game_sounds_manifest.txt
scripts\level_sounds_trainyard.txt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\scripts\level_sounds_trainyard.txt
scripts\npc_sounds_metropolice.txt
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\scripts\npc_sounds_metropolice.txt
sound\npc\metropolice\die1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\die1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\die2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\die2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\die3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\die3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\die4.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\die4.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear4.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear4.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear5.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear5.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\gear6.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\gear6.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\hiding02.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\hiding02.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\hiding03.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\hiding03.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\hiding04.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\hiding04.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\hiding05.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\hiding05.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\knockout2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\knockout2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\pain1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\pain1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\pain2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\pain2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\pain3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\pain3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\pain4.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\pain4.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\takedown.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\takedown.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\11-99officerneedsassistance.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\11-99officerneedsassistance.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\404zone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\404zone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\acquiringonvisual.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\acquiringonvisual.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\administer.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\administer.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\affirmative.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\affirmative.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\affirmative2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\affirmative2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\airwatchsubjectis505.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\airwatchsubjectis505.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allrightyoucango.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allrightyoucango.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsbol34sat.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsbol34sat.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitscloseonsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitscloseonsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitscode2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitscode2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsmaintainthiscp.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsmaintainthiscp.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsmovein.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsmovein.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsreportlocationsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsreportlocationsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsrespondcode3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\allunitsrespondcode3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\amputate.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\amputate.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\anticitizen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\anticitizen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\anyonepickup647e.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\anyonepickup647e.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\apply.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\apply.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\assaultpointsecureadvance.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\assaultpointsecureadvance.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\atcheckpoint.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\atcheckpoint.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\backmeupimout.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\backmeupimout.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\backup.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\backup.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\block.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\block.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\blockisholdingcohesive.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\blockisholdingcohesive.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\breakhiscover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\breakhiscover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\bugs.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\bugs.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\bugsontheloose.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\bugsontheloose.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\canal.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\canal.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\canalblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\canalblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\catchthatbliponstabilization.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\catchthatbliponstabilization.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cauterize.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cauterize.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\checkformiscount.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\checkformiscount.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\chuckle.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\chuckle.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\citizen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\citizen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\citizensummoned.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\citizensummoned.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\classifyasdbthisblockready.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\classifyasdbthisblockready.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\clearandcode100.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\clearandcode100.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\clearno647no10-107.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\clearno647no10-107.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\code100.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\code100.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\code7.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\code7.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\condemnedzone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\condemnedzone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\confirmadw.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\confirmadw.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\confirmpriority1sighted.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\confirmpriority1sighted.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\contactwith243suspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\contactwith243suspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\contactwithpriority2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\contactwithpriority2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\control100percent.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\control100percent.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\controlsection.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\controlsection.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\converging.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\converging.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\copy.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\copy.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\covermegoingin.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\covermegoingin.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpbolforthat243.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpbolforthat243.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpiscompromised.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpiscompromised.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpisoverrunwehavenocontainment.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpisoverrunwehavenocontainment.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cprequestsallunitsreportin.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cprequestsallunitsreportin.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpweneedtoestablishaperimeterat.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\cpweneedtoestablishaperimeterat.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\criminaltrespass63.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\criminaltrespass63.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dbcountis.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dbcountis.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\defender.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\defender.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\deservicedarea.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\deservicedarea.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\designatesuspectas.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\designatesuspectas.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\destroythatcover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\destroythatcover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dismountinghardpoint.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dismountinghardpoint.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispatchineed10-78.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispatchineed10-78.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispreportssuspectincursion.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispreportssuspectincursion.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispupdatingapb.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dispupdatingapb.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\distributionblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\distributionblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\document.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\document.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dontmove.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\dontmove.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eight.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eight.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eighteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eighteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eighty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eighty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eleven.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\eleven.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\establishnewcp.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\establishnewcp.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\examine.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\examine.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\expired.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\expired.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\externaljurisdiction.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\externaljurisdiction.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fifteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fifteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fifty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fifty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\finalverdictadministered.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\finalverdictadministered.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\finalwarning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\finalwarning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firetodislocateinterpose.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firetodislocateinterpose.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firingtoexposetarget.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firingtoexposetarget.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firstwarningmove.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\firstwarningmove.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\five.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\five.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\four.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\four.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fourteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fourteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fourty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\fourty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\freeman.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\freeman.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\freenecrotics.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\freenecrotics.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\get11-44inboundcleaningup.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\get11-44inboundcleaningup.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\getdown.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\getdown.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\getoutofhere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\getoutofhere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\goingtotakealook.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\goingtotakealook.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gota10-107sendairwatch.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gota10-107sendairwatch.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gothimagainsuspect10-20at.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gothimagainsuspect10-20at.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gotoneaccomplicehere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gotoneaccomplicehere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gotsuspect1here.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\gotsuspect1here.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\grenade.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\grenade.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hardpointscanning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hardpointscanning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\help.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\help.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hero.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hero.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesgone148.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesgone148.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesrunning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesrunning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesupthere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hesupthere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hidinglastseenatrange.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\hidinglastseenatrange.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\highpriorityregion.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\highpriorityregion.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdingon10-14duty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdingon10-14duty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdit.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdit.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holditrightthere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holditrightthere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdthisposition.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\holdthisposition.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ihave10-30my10-20responding.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ihave10-30my10-20responding.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\industrialzone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\industrialzone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\infection.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\infection.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\infestedzone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\infestedzone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inject.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inject.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\innoculate.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\innoculate.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inposition.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inposition.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inpositionathardpoint.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inpositionathardpoint.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inpositiononeready.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\inpositiononeready.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\intercede.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\intercede.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\interlock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\interlock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\investigate.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\investigate.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\investigating10-103.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\investigating10-103.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\is10-108.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\is10-108.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\is415b.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\is415b.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isaidmovealong.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isaidmovealong.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isathardpointreadytoprosecute.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isathardpointreadytoprosecute.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isclosingonsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isclosingonsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isdown.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isdown.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isgo.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isgo.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ismovingin.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ismovingin.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isolate.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isolate.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ispassive.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ispassive.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isreadytogo.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\isreadytogo.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\issuingmalcompliantcitation.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\issuingmalcompliantcitation.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ivegot408hereatlocation.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ivegot408hereatlocation.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\jury.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\jury.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\keepmoving.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\keepmoving.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\king.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\king.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\level3civilprivacyviolator.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\level3civilprivacyviolator.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\line.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\line.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\localcptreportstatus.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\localcptreportstatus.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\location.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\location.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lockyourposition.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lockyourposition.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookingfortrouble.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookingfortrouble.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookout.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookout.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookoutrogueviscerator.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\lookoutrogueviscerator.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\looseparasitics.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\looseparasitics.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\loyaltycheckfailure.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\loyaltycheckfailure.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\malcompliant10107my1020.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\malcompliant10107my1020.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\malignant.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\malignant.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\matchonapblikeness.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\matchonapblikeness.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\meters.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\meters.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\minorhitscontinuing.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\minorhitscontinuing.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\move.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\move.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movealong.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movealong.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movealong3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movealong3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movebackrightnow.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movebackrightnow.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\moveit.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\moveit.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\moveit2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\moveit2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movetoarrestpositions.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movetoarrestpositions.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtocover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtocover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtohardpoint.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtohardpoint.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtohardpoint2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\movingtohardpoint2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\necrotics.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\necrotics.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\needanyhelpwiththisone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\needanyhelpwiththisone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nine.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nine.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nineteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nineteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ninety.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ninety.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nocontact.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nocontact.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\non-taggedviromeshere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\non-taggedviromeshere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\noncitizen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\noncitizen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nonpatrolregion.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nonpatrolregion.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\novisualonupi.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\novisualonupi.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nowgetoutofhere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\nowgetoutofhere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off4.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\off4.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerdowncode3tomy10-20.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerdowncode3tomy10-20.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerdowniam10-99.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerdowniam10-99.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerneedsassistance.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerneedsassistance.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerneedshelp.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerneedshelp.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerunderfiretakingcover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\officerunderfiretakingcover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\on1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\on1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\on2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\on2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\one.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\one.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\onehundred.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\onehundred.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outbreak.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outbreak.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outlandbioticinhere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outlandbioticinhere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outlandzone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\outlandzone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pacifying.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pacifying.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\patrol.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\patrol.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickingupnoncorplexindy.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickingupnoncorplexindy.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pickupthecan3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\positiontocontain.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\positiontocontain.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible10-103alerttagunits.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible10-103alerttagunits.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible404here.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible404here.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible647erequestairwatch.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possible647erequestairwatch.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possiblelevel3civilprivacyviolator.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\possiblelevel3civilprivacyviolator.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preparefor1015.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preparefor1015.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\prepareforjudgement.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\prepareforjudgement.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preparingtojudge10-107.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preparingtojudge10-107.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preserve.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\preserve.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pressure.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\pressure.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\priority2anticitizenhere.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\priority2anticitizenhere.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\proceedtocheckpoints.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\proceedtocheckpoints.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\productionblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\productionblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\prosecute.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\prosecute.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\protectioncomplete.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\protectioncomplete.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ptatlocationreport.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ptatlocationreport.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ptgoagain.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ptgoagain.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\putitinthetrash1.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\putitinthetrash1.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\putitinthetrash2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\putitinthetrash2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\quick.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\quick.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoamputate.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoamputate.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytojudge.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytojudge.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoprosecute.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoprosecute.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoprosecutefinalwarning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\readytoprosecutefinalwarning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\reinforcementteamscode3.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\reinforcementteamscode3.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\reportsightingsaccomplices.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\reportsightingsaccomplices.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\repurposedarea.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\repurposedarea.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\requestsecondaryviscerator.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\requestsecondaryviscerator.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\residentialblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\residentialblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\responding2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\responding2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\restrict.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\restrict.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\restrictedblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\restrictedblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\rodgerthat.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\rodgerthat.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\roller.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\roller.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\runninglowonverdicts.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\runninglowonverdicts.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sacrificecode1maintaincp.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sacrificecode1maintaincp.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\search.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\search.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\searchingforsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\searchingforsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\secondwarning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\secondwarning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sector.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sector.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sentencedelivered.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sentencedelivered.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\serve.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\serve.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seven.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seven.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seventeen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seventeen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seventy.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\seventy.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\shit.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\shit.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\shotsfiredhostilemalignants.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\shotsfiredhostilemalignants.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\six.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\six.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sixteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sixteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sixty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sixty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sociocide.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sociocide.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stabilizationjurisdiction.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stabilizationjurisdiction.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\standardloyaltycheck.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\standardloyaltycheck.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stationblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stationblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sterilize.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sterilize.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stick.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stick.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stillgetting647e.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stillgetting647e.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stormsystem.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\stormsystem.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subject.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subject.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subjectis505.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subjectis505.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subjectisnowhighspeed.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\subjectisnowhighspeed.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\supsecthasmovednowto.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\supsecthasmovednowto.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspect11-6my1020is.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspect11-6my1020is.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectinstormrunoff.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectinstormrunoff.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectisbleeding.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectisbleeding.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectlocationunknown.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectlocationunknown.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectusingrestrictedcanals.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspectusingrestrictedcanals.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspend.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\suspend.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sweepingforsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\sweepingforsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tag10-91d.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tag10-91d.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagonebug.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagonebug.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagonenecrotic.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagonenecrotic.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagoneparasitic.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tagoneparasitic.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\takecover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\takecover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tap.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tap.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\teaminpositionadvance.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\teaminpositionadvance.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten2.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten2.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten4.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten4.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten8standingby.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten8standingby.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten91dcountis.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten91dcountis.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten97.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten97.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten97suspectisgoa.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\ten97suspectisgoa.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tenzerovisceratorishunting.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\tenzerovisceratorishunting.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\terminalrestrictionzone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\terminalrestrictionzone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thatsagrenade.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thatsagrenade.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\therehegoeshesat.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\therehegoeshesat.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thereheis.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thereheis.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thirteen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thirteen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thirty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thirty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thisisyoursecondwarning.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\thisisyoursecondwarning.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\three.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\three.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\threehundred.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\threehundred.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\transitblock.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\transitblock.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twelve.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twelve.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twenty.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twenty.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\two.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\two.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twohundred.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\twohundred.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\union.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\union.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitis10-65.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitis10-65.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitis10-8standingby.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitis10-8standingby.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitisonduty10-8.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitisonduty10-8.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitreportinwith10-25suspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unitreportinwith10-25suspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unlawfulentry603.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\unlawfulentry603.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\upi.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\upi.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\utlsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\utlsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\utlthatsuspect.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\utlthatsuspect.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\vacatecitizen.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\vacatecitizen.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\vice.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\vice.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\victor.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\victor.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratordeployed.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratordeployed.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratorisoc.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratorisoc.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratorisoffgrid.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\visceratorisoffgrid.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wasteriver.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wasteriver.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\watchit.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\watchit.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wearesociostablethislocation.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wearesociostablethislocation.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wegotadbherecancel10-102.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wegotadbherecancel10-102.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wehavea10-108.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\wehavea10-108.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\workforceintake.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\workforceintake.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\xray.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\xray.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\yellow.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\yellow.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\youknockeditover.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\youknockeditover.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\youwantamalcomplianceverdict.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\youwantamalcomplianceverdict.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\zero.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\zero.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\zone.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\zone.wav
sound\npc\metropolice\vo\_comma.wav
c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\sdk_content\maps\surprise\content\sound\npc\metropolice\vo\_comma.wav
